c:\users\catalin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MapMaker\MapMaker\bin\Debug\MapMaker.exe.config
c:\users\catalin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MapMaker\MapMaker\bin\Debug\MapMaker.exe
c:\users\catalin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MapMaker\MapMaker\bin\Debug\MapMaker.pdb
c:\users\catalin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MapMaker\MapMaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\catalin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MapMaker\MapMaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\catalin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MapMaker\MapMaker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\catalin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MapMaker\MapMaker\obj\Debug\MapMaker_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\catalin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MapMaker\MapMaker\obj\Debug\MapMaker.g.resources
c:\users\catalin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MapMaker\MapMaker\obj\Debug\MapMaker.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\catalin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MapMaker\MapMaker\obj\Debug\MapMaker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\catalin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MapMaker\MapMaker\obj\Debug\MapMaker.exe
c:\users\catalin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MapMaker\MapMaker\obj\Debug\MapMaker.pdb
c:\users\catalin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MapMaker\MapMaker\obj\Debug\EnterNameUserControl.baml
c:\users\catalin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MapMaker\MapMaker\obj\Debug\EnterNameUserControl.g.cs
c:\users\catalin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MapMaker\MapMaker\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\catalin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MapMaker\MapMaker\obj\Debug\MapMaker_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Catalin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MapMaker\MapMaker\obj\Debug\EnterMapDimensionsUserControl.baml
C:\Users\Catalin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MapMaker\MapMaker\obj\Debug\EnterMapDimensionsUserControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Catalin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MapMaker\MapMaker\obj\Debug\MapMaker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Catalin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MapMaker\MapMaker\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Catalin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MapMaker\MapMaker\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Catalin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MapMaker\MapMaker\obj\Debug\SpriteEditor.baml
C:\Users\Catalin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MapMaker\MapMaker\obj\Debug\SpriteEditor.g.cs
H:\MapMaker\MapMaker\bin\Debug\MapMaker.exe.config
H:\MapMaker\MapMaker\obj\Debug\MapMaker.exe
H:\MapMaker\MapMaker\obj\Debug\MapMaker.pdb
